enfp and intj moments youtube.com sportscenter not top ten plays youtube.com pranks
What has been the most life-changing experience in your life?
youtube.com youtube.com On repeat for most of today.
May the PerC Experience immerse you.
The last thing my INFJ friend posted on his facebook before committing suicide the next day. Rest in peace~ vimeo.com
Hello ENFJ7. Sorry to hear of your distress. It's only natural for a relationship to not be perfection all the time in every moment of existence. Try to figure the hard times as times of growth, as...
Welcome and stuff.
playeressence.com Game. Set. Match.
Prozac, wellbrutin, at least thirty minutes of moving your legs (and I don't mean moving them while sitting in your same desk chair), weed in moderation (maybe try edibles as a healthier alternative...
Basically come up with three items you've determined that each type (or whichever types you want to do) would more than likely use, given each types' cognitive functions and whatnot, when left by...
All things in moderation. Sims is indeed a video game, and a good one at that. Note: a good one at that is somewhat subjective in that I am not completely promoting the death of any given Sim...
Dear ENFP: What were your favorite video games growing up and what are your now, current favorite video games? :cool:
It appears to be too late. :sad:
There's someone out there for everyone.
Wait... I thought confidence was a good thing.
I just cherish the time of solitude b/c i revel within my inner world more whereas most other time i'd be workin... just enjoy the me time while you can. Don't worry, people will always be around to...
Yo entp ladies... if you're into a complimentary personality,well, hey.
... when your main social outlet is xbox live conversations and even then you verbally fatigue quickly.
youtube.com I really dig the part from 1:46 to 2:50
Banned because this thread requires it of me.
Get high in backyard, roast and eat marshmellows in backyard while conversing over something intellectual, followed by massages and kisses.
Banned for too many b's in that sentence. How could you! Think of the B!
Banned for watching movies in the corner with the dunces.
Banned because Health class clearly taught you nothing about peer pressure.
Banned for a whole host of reasons!
1) Two baby deer on left and right munching on a beetle in the middle. 2) Using their own blood, two cavemen diary today's latest happenings on their designated cave diary wall. 3) I see it as...
a pokemon world an infj society everyone becomes an optimist
Not all artists are artists because they draw. It's the idea that counts in forming something of your own... like a signature.
Welcome to the robot ranks, person who downed my self-esteem cuz I'm not an avid signature artist like herself. :proud:
Banned for taking all the room under my bed. Ya gotta learn to share with the roaches.
Banned for being too much of a thundering, grumbling kind of storm... yep.
Ahh... old high school music I haven't heard in ages. youtube.com
I failed a public speaking class a few years ago and I've sort of learned what I could do better were I to be in that position again. A big part of my failure was just overloading myself with too...
I like this person's mentality. He's a confirmed INTJ by the way. youtube.com
Move to the Denver area and start a new life for myself.
'I'm finding the lack of me in these posts very alarming.
Sex can be boring if it's in the same position often. For example me and my girlfriend are currently in an environment where we have to creatively use cowgirl and missionary. There isn't enough...
Giving new meaning to 'Game' theory.
Hello *ENTP Grin* That's all it takes. Than we converse and they do most of the flirting while I acknowledge their presence and return their words with smooth wordplay and more cheeky grins.
This + Lack of Balance and Hand Eye Coordination.
Real IQ test I score 127. Internet IQ tests are funny. I score 140s or higher. Now, like the former responses of this thread I will mention that I don't believe in the IQ test. Before you banish...
You know you're an ENTP when you vanish from a site for a year and a half, return, and find people are still commenting on your posts and liking your ideas/thoughts. You know you're an ENTP when you...
I over think things sometimes. I go by the old Sherlock Holmes quote. Perhaps, when a man has special knowledge and special powers like my own, it rather encourages him to seek a complex...
cheshirewolf.tumblr.com So is I :D
400,000+ post
Not really; I've never thought of E/I or J/P as real functions. I judge myself on what I use. I use Ne and Ti as my dominates. Fe for emotions and rarely Si. I also use Ni due to me strength...
You know though. That was ingenious. After saying it I really want to try it and see what happens with me playing a first person shooter in the back while we drive around. I want to see the look on...
out of all of them the rock paper one is the best. It makes me lol. You guys are lucky :D I'm really high up on the tumblr system.
So did you hear about that new first person shooter game? I've been rocking the hell out of the soundtrack on my auto sound equipment that will shake the heavens. We managed to put a couple PS3's in...
No; The way he connected things was very Ne. Ne dominates are just as aware of their environments as Se dominates. Example: Shawn Spencer or Patrick Jane; Both ENTPs.
Well charlie I will be the first to admit I do get jealous like you do. I chalk it up to my 4w3 heart mixed with my dominate 7w8. 7s and 8s both like to be noticed. 4's like to be known (not the same...
;D I'll upload the same clip with the mic away from my mouth. Than you won't hear anything. Ninja Assassin style but with splatter.
Tik Tok is a really great song. As long as you can mental block out the singer. I love the beat it makes me bounce.
drop.io v1swck0 :D Mic really close to my mouth and smokin aces: assassins ball playing in the background.
Sociable =/= extrovert; I'm an extrovert and I'm not sociable. :)
Sherlock in the movie was an ENTP. Normally he's played as a EXTJ. In the books he's an ESTJ. As I said. The movie looked good except for it being called sherlock holmes.
Oh, I never had fear of kissing a guy. I will kiss an animal too. So there was nothing to vanish. Just personal taste and me not liking it. The guy I kissed didn't know me. It was one of those...
Sounds pretty much like my area and what I'm going through right now trying to figure out which way I want to take my life. I want to do so many things. The biggest problem is that I know if I don't...
;D I was operating under the impression that you were female. I never looked at your boxy. Okay, I help out my gay friends all the time and one of them has developed a little crush on me. I get red...
T_T You just described me and I'm living the worst nightmare. I'm trapped in one place with one one around. Only dull woods. If I was a serial killer this would be the perfect place but sadly I'm...
TBH, and biased, sounds like a shadowed INFP. I think maybe he was hurt and turned ESTJ. I can tell because he has some of the typical INFP traits left over.
*Checks list* I'm sorry. It seems that you have came at a bad time. We've already reached our quota of INFJs. However, being you're female and I like females I will make you a deal. I will kick one...
I'm ANTP (Leaning toward E). I'm easy for both ENTPs and INTPs to identify with. :)
I also imagine ENTP's interrogations would go a little bit like Jack's from 24 except more mechanical. Rigging up shock treatment equipment in an abandoned building out of an old car batty, jumper...
It was a compliment :) Trust me. I'm just as psychopathic :D except I have emoticons. They're just weird ones. Like laughing when I get hurt or at people running themselves over with their lawn mower...
No. It's like a theme for where I live and that is why I know it by heart. youtube.com
and I usual don't leave until the thing ends. But in the mean time. In between times. You work your thing. I'll work mine :D ;D I'm the MBP; Pleasure to meet you.
Damn, need to trust my instincts more I would have been closer I was going to say INFP.
EXFP? Leaning toward S with the way she responded. :D My friends, even my gay and lesbian ones, always come to me for advice.
I bow to my entp masters ENTPs are so great. If it wasn't for ENTPs I wouldn't have been able to build what I'm building Duck Duck Duck Shotgun
What? Me? I never do that >.> <.<
Because its hard to be sad about losing someone you like when you knew you were right and give yourself a big pat on the back because you're awesome and always correct.
Oh, you don't have to tell me that most of them are stupid. I know this. That is why I play with them and it makes me laugh. :D As I'm going to take Neuropsychology and I have a few psychologist...
:D I'm a Nightowl. I wake up between 6-7pm and stay awake till 10-11:30am.
Personal opinion backed by theory would suggest that INTPs are the most socially difficult. While INTJs can be socially indifferent but they will also use social situations if the the need arises....
Personal stocks that I have on my desktop that I've downloaded from random stock sites and stock photobuckets.
I'll tell you when I open photoshop. :) Glad you like it static.
:D Thanks.
photobucket.com photobucket.com Made for a friend. Several hours of work. I constructed every line by...
:) Static: photobucket.com I'll have to get to your avatar later if one of my fellow teammates doesn't.
Psychologist don't keep me around long enough to diagnosis me. I like to toy with them. What I have diagnosis myself with and had a few psychologist friends (+ a few other friends) tell me I have is...'
'Good one _____ youtube.com
Of course, to which I say I know; that's my blessing and my curse.
Does being absolutely positive that you and your best friend could be an amazing couple count? If so, than yes. Or it's more I could be madly in love in case I reconciled my feelings (which at...
No, I didn't; thank you for a link!
So-called Ti-Si loop (and it can stem from any current topic/obsession) can be deadly. It's like when you're stuck in your own thoughts, and your mind just wanders in circles. Feels truly terrible. ...
Have you noticed how peculiar vegetation can be? All you have to do is look down at the grass: dozens of different plant species there. And now imagine that hundreds of years later (when/if soil...
The Smiths – Never Had No One Ever
I often find myself spotting faces on marble tiles/wood.
This 5 year-old sentence is an incredibly accurate and beautiful description.
I haven't visited this website in the last 3 years. So whoever reads this (and maybe even remembers me, which I highly doubt): hi. 700049 700057
When you sit in your garden until 10:30 PM writing songs, and sing them (together with dozens of crickets) while playing your acoustic guitar.
This is the most INTP-ish thread I've ever seen.
I wouldn't be able to look at the painting for the entire life if I knew that I picked it over the human being.
I was drawing a background for my animation on which I'm working right now - it should have been Mars.. But I felt obligated to make Mark Watneyx92s postcard from it :D If you read the book...
I started to make comics about turtle Gordon and unicorn Chimes - here you can see two first stories: tumblr.com
INTJ Recently I started to post my comics about two friends - turtle Gordon and unicorn Chimes. Before that, I just posted stuff that interested me, but from now on I'll try to include only my works...
Probably we could work together on a new model - I'm an expert in abrupt explosions of laughter upon various weird stuff. That happens because of peculiar sense of humor - so peculiar that not much...
Hellooo Nah, you can touch it. Everyone thinks that it's scared or sad, but that's not true - in fact it has an absolutely neutral face. And this kitten actually really likes patting and hugs (only...
Well.. kind of; As it was already mentioned, sometimes because of Ni it's hard to convey complex stuff which pops up in your head in whimsical compilations of shapes and pictures only with words....
I think this kitten would be very appropriate here. 376562
GOOD NIGHT everyone out there! Even if for someone there is morning right now - nights always supersede mornings.. And people say good night in order to meet next day :)
Oh, that movie :) It's awesome Thank you! Hope you had good sleep in the air; anyway, I'm wishing you good night for the next night ahead! (hopefully it will be on land) Good people deserve good...
Well, other people who may be wondering about an issue from the name of the topic will find your response helpful anyway :)
This. Finally someone mentioned that :)
I still see creatures/faces in a maze of various random patterns. It can be amusing sometimes. It's a very handy skill when you're bored.
Oh, I didn't know that.. What a pity. Why not sacrifice whole supermarket, then? We can decide which Walmart will be the best (I think the biggest one would be great).
yippy Here you go 357002 He thinks that the fire is delicious. Should I sacrifice tofu? I don't like to waste food.
I don't think that the creator of this thread cares what's going on here after 3 years :)
Heh, I understand you :) With these same given languages)))
Yessss, Adventure Time :D
I get angry quite rarely, but when I do, it's safer for surrounding people to go somewhere else. It's impossible for me to hide or suppress anger; the only way to get rid of this feeling is to burst...
I've never liked it Anything fake is bad, actually.
Hugs should be given only to chosen ones. Chosen. There are quite few of them, though.
Yup, you're doing it right :)
Of course it's not very comfortable. But. Human race survived thankfully women's ability to give birth to other human beings. It worked for thousands of years. Why change it? Besides, there are...
That happens. And it occurs because most often people use results of extremely precise and elaborate online tests as a basis of determining one's type. Both visual and language arts (more...
I study graphic design now, which I really enjoy. What is interesting about this field, is that the ability to generate ideas and solve problems is much more important than possession of a specific...
Alexxxandra97 - DeviantArt
I am always ready to discipline (to intimidate, to be precise) my sibling's offender.
World domination? Shooting people in the head? Why? Oh, right, INTJs always must be characterised only with these words. I want to show so badly my reaction to this: 221226
ISTP? youtube.com'
'Dear INTP, I enjoyed our conversation the other day. Esoteric gabbing about the nature of the universe and the idea that every rule and social code being arbitrary constructs created...
Dear ENTJ sub, Long time no see. Sincerely, Alpha
None of them. All other types hurt in deep existential ways that I want no part of.
Probably a sliding scale that depends on individual preferences, like everything in humanity.
Draco Malfoy also. I'd say he's either 358 or 368.
I'm either 358 or 385, though in which stacking to me is a somewhat arbitrary distinction to make as I believe that the core indicates primary motivation and has a hand in every action. Therefore, a...
I'm not particularly introverted or extraverted, personally. That said, I would say I'm somewhat unphased by either social interactions or being alone. What I'd say I crave more so than anything is...
Dear Type 9 INFP, Your absolute admiration of me is refreshing. You're a great girlfriend and I wish we both didn't have such busy schedules so we could be around one another more often. Keep...
2% still means about 1/50 people. I've probably seen 1-2 others today. I never understood fascination by virtue of rarity.
So, you're on the ESFJ train also, right?
I have toyed with the idea of the OP being an extrovert also for awhile now, actually. After many conversations with him, however I'm disinclined to believe it due to OP being much too close with Fi...
Still ESFJ
I disagree. Definite ESFJ. Fe- Si ALL up in this.
Where have you been? Your mother and I have been worried sick.
Similar feelings concerning ENTPs.
I collect shoes. I do so because I like status and nothing communicates such a thing as much as a pair of Jordans.
Sure. Let's get weird. Back. Off.
Best...
[Insert other into previous post.]
Wow, don't nobody got time fo' dat... Jk, u kno u mah boi.
Well, as I'm sure everyone knows, being social primary doesn't necessarily equal being social. I like other people just fine, but lately I've been on a bit of a break when it comes to my...
That's pretty crappy of her. Your sex life is definitely not her business. If I were you, I'd definitely talk to her about it.
Yeah, I had a lot longer to think about it. That said, I don't think you're Te, so if we operate under the assumptions in the OP, you're INFJ because nothing else makes sense. I'm not saying I...
Whether or not you actually are, your mom makes fun of you for being a virgin? Is this playful teasing?
Just stab in the dark here, I don't think that's Te under the hood. If this here is all I'm given to work with, I'd have to say INFJ. Compare your idea of 'logic' to mine: Logic is a series of...
What makes the most sense?
Tentatively INTJ. Still reading. EDIT: So far, I am of the belief that you're most of the things you say you are. I appreciate the level of detail. EDIT: Also relatively certain you are Ni...
Refreshing self with reading about instinctual variants. God, I'm a hard social type.
WOW! Useful thought you had there! Wanna know what my favorite part was? The fact that it ended...
I am both annoyed and intrigued by xxFPs. As far as I can tell, I dislike all J types in my normal life.
I'm not of the mind that any enneatype/MBTI combination is impossible because cognition =/= the things that motivate us. That said, we can clearly observe many types being more common than others...
Sx as hell... youtube.com
Very seriously toying with the idea of being 351. I can be pretty aggressive and controlling, but I have a massive 'holier than thou' streak once you get to know me with any depth (like more than 1-2...
I'd say it's a mostly emotional experience.
Because I find in depth study of cognition more interesting. Included MBTI in my answer to illustrate how much I enjoyed socionics. Interpret the post as wholehearted agreement with what she was...
No real argument here. I know what I am, and what I am is an asshole that is, for a second baring his teeth at the people that seemingly have a lot to say but refuse to address me beyond a single...
I would refer you to the OP. If you need a literal analysis, I'm happy to provide it. That said, I'm going to assume you're able to read and interpret symbolism, so I doubt you'll need that much help.
And this was sort of my thought process. The initial post and how it connects the generally accepted view of the type 3 and what the type 3 is motivated by doesn't seem to be in need of explanation....
Oh my... I am quite crushable, huh? Back atcha.
I was, but it's 5am. I'll take what I can get.
I wanted to come up with something clever, but it's almost 5am. I would give you a lot of sex.
So then why do you even bother asking if you've already made up your mind that you are an extravert, intuitive and feeling? If you've already decided you are these things and have evidently done the...
Wasn't sure I listened to sx music until now. youtube.com
INFP messaged me with a picture of herself before going to bed. Asked me to say goodnight to her. Asked me to say goodnight to her again. I did. I thought it was weird, secretly. I like...
Either way, you see my point. The actual rarity is skewed and makes a type seem rarer than it likely is in real contexts. I may have been the only one of my type in a class room in High School, but...
WOW my math was off! I literally just said numbers. See how over glorified the type is? Even so, though. I saw around two-hundred people (REALLY rough estimate) between both of my jobs. It's...
Rarity in the context of the entire planet is somewhat silly. Even if we assume the greatest reports of our 'rarity', we (INTJ) encompass 1% of the planet, which sounds rare when you don't think...
One could say that whatever the culmination of all of our actions are throughout our lives equal our potential. In this sense, everybody does, but as we all know, not everyone's potential is the...
I would agree, however, those that profess to know their type not stating anything about their type's motivations strike me as either not wanting to touch on them or not being able to. If they don't...
Lol.'
'You're fired.
That's another silly misconception. That approaching is logically is going to be the key to unlocking whatever it is you think you are entitled to. Nobody wants to be approached with BS...
But guys... he REALLY wants to go on a super-duper-long-ass vacation. C'mon guys. His boss just doesn't listen or get it. He even approached him logically and everything.
Never mind. Just go on permanent vacation.
Two months? I wouldn't be crazy about the idea. If you are really his best employee, then that's what may be cooking him. Who wants their most reliable asset gone for that long? ENTJ employer...
Lol. Its not like our views were unsolicited. What a victim.
Sometimes I just really like impoverished rap music. youtube.com
I probably would have lost it too. His stonewalling was insignificant. He was being an idiot over semantics that didn't have any impact on anything. It's one thing to stone wall on critical shit, but...
I would have just taken the project and gave them something later.
The court deposition wasn't a skit. That actually happened. It was a verbatim reenactment.
And her ass.
I'll flirt a woman for a piece of candy at the grocery store. Of course. I use whatever I have at my disposal to get what I want in the most efficient manner possible. If that means flirting that...
Yes. In the comments she gave more info, then was shut down because she went from having a crush on her boss and wanted to know how to impress him, to her boss is married and she wasn't interested. I...
What's this we thing about?
Callaendia are you the same INFP girl who was on the ENTJ Facebook forum with this similar question? I just have to ask because the times are so close together, and the scenario is so similar.
3X
11/25 I do not modify myself to suit others, however I do like the spotlight.
I think the easiest and most efficient approach is a tarp, jigsaw, and mulcher. But that's just my personal preference. Not all ENTJs are the same.
Just don't hump my leg...
What are you like a chihuahua or some shit?
I once dumped a girl in college who I was having a 6 month romp with over making me late for class. She said I was petty for it.
DEAD XD youtu.be
MBTIPC perfect. I don't like dealing with middle men either. You can talk directly to me. ;)
I can sell you the dream...
LOL DEAD. Ha!
The point is that when you are making a point of thinking critically but not thinking beyond common sense, you aren't using your brain. A little bit of effort now to have an understanding of the...
That's just common sense No, that's just a value judgement backed by popular opinion from social stupidity/laziness. That's only doing what works instead of pushing harder and doing what is...
When it comes to children, they either cry or climb all over me. There is never a gray area.
I don't drink, but when I drank: Beer: Hardcore ciders and sweet brown ales. Liquor: VODKA chased with cran or water. < my preferred drink Wine: Anything dark, dry and sweet. There are so...
Well that escalated quickly.
gstatic.com You deal with them.
tl;dr fuuuuu
Those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do IA
@Darth Alpha I would never claim it to be healthy either. Just in my best interest.
On loyalty: I am loyal to the vision. I am loyal to those who share the vision. I am not into co-dependency in terms of the vision cannot be accomplished without others involved. I stay on course,...
Your answer was worth more time to entertain than the OP.
Hey @MsBossyPants are you down for a debate on Ayn Rand vs Marx? Maybe we should talk about our poor Fi? Oh I know- let's try to correlate testing ENTJ with being sociopathic. :laughing:
Hitler was no exception- this concept has, is and always will be a principle, tenet, and rule. Politics, ideology, religion, eating, shitting usual. And if it's not ,then there is nothing to...
Hitler thought he was doing great things. Stalin thought he was justified. These guys thought they were uncorrupt. They viewed any heretic to their dogmas as morally bankrupt, and so did many of...
Meh. There were plenty of evil people who did good things, and plenty of good people who got blood on their hands achieving and attaining higher goals. Bad situations that had good long term effects,...
You would have to ask the OP. He is asking ambiguous questions. I would go with whatever is more efficient/effective vs what is perceived as good every time in the good vs evil dichotomy. It in my...
Good vs Bad =/= Good vs Evil One is an objective positive vs negative dichotomy, the other is a subjective interpretation of characteristics. NameUser So to be evil may be a better solution and...
I think they are for sure idiots, but I also think these people went out of their way to fuck their lives up. Did they expose themselves on the internet? Yes. Does this warrant or validate a reason...
I really REEEEEEAAALLLY hate rigidly PC thumb sucking nanny bitches. They remind me of five year olds who are trying too hard to gain their parents approval by taddling. These are the same people,...
I think people need to get some skin. Even if these people are wrong or racist. That's just a waste of time, energy, and resources. These people end up being the focus for being petty and overboard...
I'm not trying to be condescending when I tell you- all those things you have mentioned people saying and have written off as all I have been met with are legit arguments. They don't need to be...
The brevity of my posts is because you don't take much to refute. Just because you aren't acknowledging what people are saying doesn't mean they are saying nothing.'
